Explain Staking Targets Table in Polkadot-JS App (#3423)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-nominator.md

### What to Take Into Consideration When Nominating

There are many factors to consider when deciding which validator's to nominate. One useful tool for
assisting in this process is the Staking [Targets](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/staking/targets)
table. This displays potential validators in a table that can be evaluated and sorted using various
metrics. Outlined below are the relevant columns to consider, followed by a brief description of
each.

- **payout**: How recently the validator has made it's last reward payout to nominators.
- **nominators**: This column consists of two number values.

  1) Amount of nominators currently bonded in the current era and considered `active`.

  2) Total amount of nominators that nominated that validator.

  - You may want to be cautious of validators with a high number of subscribers. A validator is

>     considered oversubscribed when more than 256 nominators have nominated the validator. In this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    considered oversubscribed when more than 256 'active' nominators are assigned to the validator. In this
```

>     scenario only the top 256 nominators will receive rewards. The remaining subscribers will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    scenario only the top 256 nominators will receive rewards. The remaining nominators will
```

>     recieve nothing, however they can also be slashed in the event that the validator commits a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    recieve nothing, however they can be slashed in the event that validator commits a
```

    slashable offence.
  - Every nominator can select up to a maxium of 16 validators, which contributes towards maximizing

>     the probability of having the nominators stake applied to the validators active set. Having too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the probability of having the nominators stake applied to the validators active set. Nominating too
```

>     few validators could results in the nominator being excluded from the active set. This behaviour
>     is a result of the election algorithm attempting to maximize the overall network stake, while
>     minimizing the variance of the active stake across the validators. For additional information on
>     the selection process checkout the research behind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    few validators could result in the nominators losing their rewards when none of them make it to active set or 
    when those Validator nodes stop validating. The election algorithm attempts to maximize the overall network 
    stake, while minimizing the variance of the active stake across the validators. For additional information on
    the election process checkout the research behind
```
